"Good morning class, good morning 1C." The sharp, loud voice cut through the silence of the classroom as clear as a whistle. The drowsy students, unable to awake from their "zombie" state in the early morning, responded with a "Goooooood moooorniiiiing ms luuuuuullaaaabyyyyy."

"Where's your enthusiasm?" Ms Lullaby scolded, like her usual self. However, the students could not even begin to fathom how she was able to stay so energetic. They rolled their eyes and only repeated the same line louder. Ms Lullaby, barely satisfied, told them to sit down.

"Today's lesson... History of the migrants... They smoked opium blah blah blah..." Just like her name, Ms Lullaby's voice only made the sleepy students want to turn into "sleeping beauties". They were bored out of their mind, and History being History, was probably the worst of all subjects to start their mornings with, considering none of the students were even fully awake. The hot and humid weather of Singapore and the constant whirring of the ceiling fan didn't help either. 

"Class, stop sleeping! Pay attention!" Ms Lullaby berated the class yet again. The students groaned. "Ms Lullaby, we don't want to take History!" "So boring!" "How to stay awake sia?" Soon, voices of discontent overlapped each other, and the result was a rowdy class full of complaints. Ms Lullaby, who couldn't stand this, just slammed her hand on the whiteboard, gave the class a death glare and continued the lesson. She ignored the snickers and whispers of disdain of some students at her rage.

After the lesson, it was time for English. The students were relieved and delighted to find that History lesson was over. Though a few students felt guilty for making Ms Lulaby particularly provoked that day, they all agreed that they didn't like Ms Lullaby's boring lessons.

"What can I do to make my lessons more interesting?" Ms Lullaby sighed when she was back to her space in the Staff Room. "My students all hate me. But I only want to teach them. Is this really the right career for me?" Unable to think of an answer, Ms Lullaby slumped in her seat and started to mark assignments reluctantly.

"Teacher's Day is coming soon. I hope you students have something in mind for your teachers." Meanwhile, the English teacher was making an announcement in the classroom. 

"Ugh, I don't want to give a present to Ms Lullaby. She's a bad teacher," one of the students complained. A few students murmured in agreement, nodding their heads. "Do we really have to give a present to every teacher? Tsk."

"Oi, guys!" The class chairperson abruptly stoop up in her seat, shouting. The classroom became so silent that the only noise they could hear was the whir of the fan. "Ms Lim is our teacher. She gives up her precious time to teach students like us who don't even listen to her. You think life is easy for her? You think she wants to listen to your complaints every day?" Hearing this, the students lowered their head in embarrassment. They did not think they had made so much trouble for a teacher. After all, they were only thinking of their own feelings and had never considered Ms Lullaby's.

"Your class chairperson is right," the English teacher nodded with a smile. "Us teachers do not have it easy either. We take some of our precious break times to help students with their work, and plan consultations so that students will understand what they need help with. If Ms Lim wasn't a good teacher, do you think she would actually do all these for you students? I bet listening to these complaints omly worsen her mood too."

With this in mind, the students started planning Teacher's Day presents during recess. Soon, Teacher's Day came and Ms Lullaby sauntered into the classroom as usual.

"Good morning Ms Lullaby!" The students greeted her enthusiastically.

"You all are suspiciously cheerful this morning," Ms Lullaby remarked as one of her brows shot up in surprise. "Is it because of the half day we have?"

"Nope. We have a present for you!" The class exclaimed excitedly. 35 grins on 35 cute studnets faced Ms Lullaby. Half-expecting the present to be an ornament with derogatory symbols, Ms Lullaby hesitantly received the present that the class chairperson handed over.

"Happy Teacher's Day!" Ms Lullaby carefully tore the gift wrapper and took the gift out. To her surprise, it was a care package! The care package had Pi Pa Gao tea satchets, a notebook with decorations on the cover page, and a handmade card with the students' messages of appreciation written inside. At the sight of these gifts, Ms Lullaby's eyes turned misty and she wept in gratitude. 

"Thank you students. This is the best Teacher's Day gift I have ever received." Ms Lullaby smiled through her tears. The students all clapped in celebration. That day, the class had a fun Teacher's Day celebration. They learnt to appreciate the effort their teachers put into teaching from then on.
